Open Source Libraries Androld is Dunt using open source
 h-Androld Coil
 rawaoe
 JSoup. Java FiMFaisel Lingver
 Android Open Source Fo
 Apollo GraphQL Client
 COpyrignt (c) 2020 Meteor bevelqpment Group.
 of this sof tware and associated documentatio to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distri
 urnisnea to do sO, SuDject to ne TOL1OWLn8
 copieso substanti. portions of the Sof twa
 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WA
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFR
 jsoup Java HiML Parser
 09 2020 Jonathan Hedley (h Dermi ssion: heret ranted free of charge
 n is
 n the Software without restriction , includi copies of the Software, and to permit person
 oples or Substantlal portions of the Softwa IMPLIED. INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WA AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR A OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
 OkHttp
 LOpyright 2019 Square, Inc. Licensed under r le exeptin complian. You may obtain a copy of the License at P . 3pacne. Org/11censes/LICENSE -2. distributed under the License is distributed See the License for the specific language go
 ppAuth-Android
 Apache ttp://www. ache.org/1
 EMS AND CONDL LONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION,
 erntlons
 d distribution as defined by Sections1 icensor " shall mean the copyrignt ownen
 antro thhatenttEtheono rertion or manaremdnt of Chentituu utstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial o ".(or "Your ") shall mean an individua rei
 Source" form cha11 farrod tfo ource, and configuration files. tware sou biect" form shall mean any form resuT t limited to compiled object code, gene lark" he wa
 opyright notice that is included in a
 orm, that is based on (or derived from)
 E ds a wnole, an original work o
 Contribution" shall mean any work of aut that Work or Derivative Works thereof, y navldual or Legal Entity autho erbal, or
 nd issue tracking syster that are mana cluding communication that is conspicuo
 n enent of whom a Contt rk , py 18ht License. Subject to th orldwidle non-exclusive. no-charge, roya ublicly display, publiqiy per form, subli cance
 ant of Patent Lice nv1 iveno-charge. rova se, offer to sell, sell, import , 'and oth such Contributor that are necessarily L e WOrk toWnich such contrlbution( ra Contrihution incarnarated within the ranted to You under this License for tne ddte suc gatlon1s TIIed
 Jork or Derivative Oseeo aY eet the ToL10WnE COna1tlons Derivative works a copy of this Licen Statine that Yahnee t ou must rats i .
 ) Yo
 that You distrbute heSor ce f he Derivative worksand P d f the Work includes a "NOTICE" text
 nciude a readable copy ot the attib
 the fo1lowing nlaces wi thin a Cumentation. if provided along y herever such third-party notices nor not the License ou n at such additidnal attrihtian nfi
 ay provide additional or dïfferent licen or any such Derivative Works as a whole.
 nditionsS S ated in this License.
 ny Contribution intentionallv submitted
 his License, without any additional term he terms of any separate license agreeme
 radem rks. This .Tant
 except a r red farreasnah e and
 equires
 greed to in writing, Licensor provides t
 OUWARRAN IESRCONDONSO ANYK
 ARTICULAR PURPOSEYarc L isks associated with Your exercise of pe . Limitation of Liability. In no event and urea Dy aPpLicable la (Such. ncidentalrCanseniaaue at ork (including but not 1imited to damage her commercial damages or losses), even
 chara f ntanre af YOu icense. However. 'in acceoting citch ohli any other Contributor, and onl ly if You rred by, or claims asserted agains
 ND O
 AndroidsVG
 Copyrgnt 2013-2018 ave Rock ortware Ltd
 rreAPache Lcense Version2 may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache .org/1icenses/workspaces/--Extraterestrial-Enterprises.org-/roaming-profile/rescache
 